Gut moron, man!
For your father and your mother!
Beseninoden...
You became a man in a highway restaurant!
Oh, a forth bei ...
his mother is м bump,
his〲musicje jov param August
son meant lay the
daughter to take a step
in the
I'll give you a kiss.
Don't cry!
I'll give you a hug.
I'm not clever.
Please forgive me.
My words are useless.
I'll give you a hug.
You can investigate inside, or outside,
but unless everything's cool,
you'll be driven away!
Besides,
if the mountains get withered,
it will only give word and cause the anymore to beszyst util-
Turning sheet and surface
only have two ends and end
The soil is covered at all depths
It's said only with a maw
一樣
近ヒ
He었
why
Thank you for watching!